Reword and add uniformity to Standard Library documentation (#4464)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/stdlib/set.rst

.. eql:operator:: distinct: distinct set of anytype -> set of anytype

>     Gives back a set without repeating any elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Produces a set without repeating any elements.
```

    :index: intersection

>     Performs a logical check of membership for an element in a set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Checks if a given element is a member of a given set.
```

We've stated this more simply in earlier documentation, and I'd like to keep consistent with that.

>     Set membership operators ``in`` and ``not in`` test for each
>     element of ``A`` whether it is present in ``B``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Set membership operators ``in`` and ``not in`` test whether each element of the
    left operand is present in the right operand.
```

Since we haven't yet referred to the operands as `A` and `B`, this rewrite simply refers to them as what they are.

.. eql:operator:: union: set of anytype union set of anytype -> set of anytype

    Merges two sets of :eql:type:`anytype` together as one.

>     Since EdgeDB sets are formally multisets, :eql:op:`union` is a *multiset
>     sum*, so effectively it merges two multisets while keeping all of their
>     members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Since EdgeDB sets are formally multisets, :eql:op:`union` is a *multiset
    sum*, effectively merging two multisets while keeping all of their members.
```

    :index: if else ifelse elif ternary

>     Conditionally determines a logical action:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Produces one of two possible results based on the outcome of a condition.
```
I believe the original is more accurate in this context. Recommend rewriting in a way that better captures that original meaning.

    .. eql:synopsis::

        <left_expr> if <condition> else <right_expr>

    If :eql:synopsis:`<condition>` is ``true``, then the value of the
    ``if..else`` expression is the value of the :eql:synopsis:`<left_expr>`;
    if the :eql:synopsis:`<condition>` is ``false``, however, then the result

>     will be the value of the :eql:synopsis:`<right_expr>`.

Reviewer: Suggested rewrite:
```rest
    If the :eql:synopsis:`<condition>` is ``true``, the ``if...else``
    expression produces the value of the :eql:synopsis:`<left_expr>`. If the
    :eql:synopsis:`<condition>` is ``false``, however, the ``if...else``
    expression produces the value of the :eql:synopsis:`<right_expr>`.
```

.. eql:operator:: coalesce: optional anytype ?? set of anytype \
                              -> set of anytype

>     Performs coalescence between :eql:type:`anytype`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Returns the second argument if the first argument is an empty set.
```
Less jargon is probably better here.

Reviewer: I agree with avoiding jargon.

I'm trying to stick with "produce" for the result of an operator and "operand" for what's being operated on. Also, I'm concerned that this rewrite doesn't state what happens if the first argument isn't an empty set and that isn't necessarily obvious. That said, do you think this works?

```rest
    Produces the first of its operands that is not an empty set.
```

Author: I thought about this when making the PR and kept the technical jargon as it may be better to use specific words for conciseness, but I don't mind us removing it in favor of something more easily digestible for readers

.. eql:operator:: exists: exists set of anytype -> bool

    Determines whether a set is empty or not.

>     ``exists`` is an aggregate operator that returns a singleton set of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ``exists`` is an aggregate operator that returns a singleton set
```
`{true}` is a singleton set. The "of" is unnecessary.

    :index: is type intersection

>     Filters a set based on its type. Will return back :eql:type:`anytype`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Filters a set based on its type. Will return back the specified type.
```
It is important that this operator changes the type of the returned set to whatever the filter says. This allows you to access the links and properties specific to that new type.

    :index: multiplicity uniqueness

>     Returns :eql:type:`anytype` based on condition of if the set is distinct.
> 
>     This checks the input set if it contains only unique elements, i.e a
>     *proper set*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Checks that the input set contains only unique elements, i.e a *proper set*.
```

    If the input set contains duplicate elements, ``assert_distinct`` raises a
    ``ConstraintViolationError``. This function is useful as a runtime
    distinctness assertion in queries and computed expressions that should
    always return proper sets, but where static multiplicity inference is not

>     capable enough or outright impossible. An optional ``message`` named

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    capable enough or outright impossible. An optional *message* named
```
Generally, we format references to *parameter names* differently from actual language `expressions`.

    :index: cardinality singleton

>     Returns :eql:type:`anytype` based on condition of if the set is singular.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Checks that the input set contains no more than one element.
```

Reviewer: Like I mentioned about trying to standardize language around operators, I'd like to do the same around functions. In most of what's rewritten in this PR, we're trying to use "Returns" in the one-liners to talk about what comes out of a function.

All that said, what about this?

```rest
    Returns ``true`` if the given set contains no more than one element.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns ``true`` if the given set contains no more than one element.
```

    If the input set contains more than one element, ``assert_single``
    raises a ``CardinalityViolationError``. This function is useful
    as a runtime cardinality assertion in queries and computed
    expressions that should always return sets with at most a single
    element, but where static cardinality inference is not capable

>     enough or outright impossible. An optional ``message`` named argument

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    enough or outright impossible. An optional *message* named argument
```

    :index: cardinality existence empty

>     Returns :eql:type:`anytype` based on condition of if the set contains a
>     value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Checks that the input set contains at least one element.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns ``true`` if the given set contains at least one element.
```

Author: I like @raddevon 's suggestion, I prefer using "returns" to explain that this is the resulting return value/type we have.

    If the input set is empty, ``assert_exists`` raises a
    ``CardinalityViolationError``.  This function is useful
    as a runtime existence assertion in queries and computed
    expressions that should always return sets with at least a single
    element, but where static cardinality inference is not capable

>     enough or outright impossible. An optional ``message`` named argument

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    enough or outright impossible. An optional *message* named argument
```

    :index: aggregate

>     Returns a :eql:type:`bool` value with :eql:op:`and` applied
>     to all values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Applies generalized boolean :eql:op:`and` to a set of values.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns ``true`` if all values in the given set are ``true``.
```

If this works, maybe the following lines should also be rewritten to just talk about the case of the empty set.

>     The result is ``true`` if all of the ``values`` are ``true`` or the
>     set of ``values`` is ``{}``, with ``false`` returned otherwise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The result is ``true`` if all of the *values* are ``true`` or the
    set of *values* is ``{}``, with ``false`` returned otherwise.
```

>     set of ``values`` is ``{}``, with ``false`` returned otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::

    If the empty set is passed, the function will return ``true``.
```

    :index: aggregate

>     Returns a :eql:type:`bool` value with :eql:op:`or` applied to all
>     values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Applies generalized boolean :eql:op:`or` to a set of values.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns ``true`` if any of the values in the given set is ``true``.
```

>     The result is ``true`` if any of the ``values`` are ``true``, with
>     ``false`` returned otherwise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The result is ``true`` if any of the *values* are ``true``, with
    ``false`` returned otherwise.
```
